<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Azure Managed Redis Terraform Module

This Terraform module deploys **Azure Managed Redis** (Redis Enterprise) instances on Azure.

## Features

- Deploy Azure Managed Redis (Redis Enterprise) with various SKUs (Balanced, Memory/Compute/Flash Optimized)
- Configurable clustering policies (EnterpriseCluster, OSSCluster, NoEviction)
- Eviction policies (AllKeysLRU, AllKeysRandom, VolatileLRU, VolatileTTL, NoEviction)
- Redis modules support (RediSearch, RedisJSON, RedisBloom, RedisTimeSeries)
- TLS 1.2 support with optional non-SSL port
- Public network access controls
- Managed identity support (SystemAssigned and UserAssigned)
- Optional customer-managed key (CMK) encryption
- Optional high availability mode and availability zones
- Database access policy assignments for Entra ID principals
- Optional private endpoints for secure connectivity
- Management locks and RBAC role assignments
- Configurable timeouts for long-running operations

## Usage

```hcl
module "redis" {
  source  = "Azure/avm-res-cache-redisenterprise/azurerm"
  version = "~> 0.1"

  location            = "eastus"
  name                = "myredis"
  parent_id           = azurerm_resource_group.example.id

  sku_name            = "Balanced_B0"
  minimum_tls_version = "1.2"
  enable_non_ssl_port = false
  clustering_policy   = "EnterpriseCluster"
  eviction_policy     = "AllKeysLRU"

  managed_identities = {
    system_assigned            = true
    user_assigned_resource_ids = [azurerm_user_assigned_identity.example.id]
  }

  high_availability = "Enabled"
  zones             = ["1", "2", "3"]

  customer_managed_key_encryption = {
    key_encryption_key_url             = "https://kv-example.vault.azure.net/keys/redis-cmk/00000000000000000000000000000000"
    identity_type                      = "UserAssignedIdentity"
    user_assigned_identity_resource_id = azurerm_user_assigned_identity.example.id
  }

  access_policy_assignments = {
    app_identity = {
      object_id          = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
      access_policy_name = "default"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (~> 1.9)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.access_policy_assignment](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.database](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.management_lock](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.role_assignment](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.this_private_endpoint](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.this_private_endpoint_private_dns_zone_group](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_update_resource.this_private_endpoint_asg_association](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/update_resource) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: Azure region where the resource should be deployed.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the Redis Enterprise cache.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_parent_id"></a> [parent\_id](#input\_parent\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the parent resource (resource group).

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_sku_name"></a> [sku\_name](#input\_sku\_name)

Description: The SKU name of Azure Managed Redis (Redis Enterprise). Examples:
- Memory-Optimized: Memory-Optimized\_M10, Memory-Optimized\_M20
- Balanced: Balanced\_B0, Balanced\_B1, Balanced\_B3, Balanced\_B5
- Compute-Optimized: Compute-Optimized\_X5, Compute-Optimized\_X10

**Example:**
```hcl
sku_name = "Balanced_B0"
```

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_access_policy_assignments"></a> [access\_policy\_assignments](#input\_access\_policy\_assignments)

Description: Map of access policy assignments for the Redis Enterprise database. The key is a unique identifier for each assignment.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    object_id          = string
    access_policy_name = optional(string, "default")
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_clustering_policy"></a> [clustering\_policy](#input\_clustering\_policy)

Description: Clustering policy for the Redis cache:
- `EnterpriseCluster` - Single endpoint, automatic sharding (default)
- `OSSCluster` - Redis Cluster API protocol, best performance
- `NoEviction` - Non-clustered mode, maximum 25GB

Default: "EnterpriseCluster"

Type: `string`

Default: `"EnterpriseCluster"`

### <a name="input_customer_managed_key_encryption"></a> [customer\_managed\_key\_encryption](#input\_customer\_managed\_key\_encryption)

Description: Optional customer-managed key encryption settings for the Redis Enterprise cluster.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    key_encryption_key_url             = string
    identity_type                      = string
    user_assigned_identity_resource_id = optional(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_enable_non_ssl_port"></a> [enable\_non\_ssl\_port](#input\_enable\_non\_ssl\_port)

Description: Enable non-SSL port (6379) for Redis cache. Default: false (SSL only).

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_eviction_policy"></a> [eviction\_policy](#input\_eviction\_policy)

Description: Eviction policy when maximum memory is reached:
- `AllKeysLRU` - Remove least recently used keys (default)
- `AllKeysRandom` - Remove random keys
- `VolatileLRU` - Remove least recently used keys with expiration set
- `VolatileRandom` - Remove random keys with expiration set
- `VolatileTTL` - Remove keys with shortest time to live
- `NoEviction` - Return errors when memory limit is reached

Default: "AllKeysLRU"

Type: `string`

Default: `"AllKeysLRU"`

### <a name="input_high_availability"></a> [high\_availability](#input\_high\_availability)

Description: Optional high availability mode for the Redis Enterprise cluster.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_lock"></a> [lock](#input\_lock)

Description: Controls the Resource Lock configuration for this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `\"CanNotDelete\"` and `\"ReadOnly\"`.
- `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    kind = string
    name = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_managed_identities"></a> [managed\_identities](#input\_managed\_identities)

Description: Controls the Managed Identity configuration on this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `system_assigned` - (Optional) Specifies if the System Assigned Managed Identity should be enabled.
- `user_assigned_resource_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity resource IDs to be assigned to this resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    system_assigned            = optional(bool, false)
    user_assigned_resource_ids = optional(set(string), [])
  })
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_minimum_tls_version"></a> [minimum\_tls\_version](#input\_minimum\_tls\_version)

Description: Minimum TLS version for Redis cache connections. Possible values: 1.0, 1.1, 1.2. Default: 1.2

Type: `string`

Default: `"1.2"`

### <a name="input_private_endpoints"></a> [private\_endpoints](#input\_private\_endpoints)

Description: A map of private endpoints to create on this resource. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `name` - (Optional) The name of the private endpoint. One will be generated if not set.
- `role_assignments` - (Optional) A map of role assignments to create on the private endpoint. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time. See `var.role_assignments` for more information.
- `lock` - (Optional) The lock level to apply to the private endpoint. Default is `None`. Possible values are `None`, `CanNotDelete`, and `ReadOnly`.
- `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the private endpoint.
- `subnet_resource_id` - The resource ID of the subnet to deploy the private endpoint in.
- `private_dns_zone_group_name` - (Optional) The name of the private DNS zone group. One will be generated if not set.
- `private_dns_zone_resource_ids` - (Optional) A set of resource IDs of private DNS zones to associate with the private endpoint. If not set, no zone groups will be created and the private endpoint will not be associated with any private DNS zones. DNS records must be managed external to this module.
- `application_security_group_resource_ids` - (Optional) A map of resource IDs of application security groups to associate with the private endpoint. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.
- `private_service_connection_name` - (Optional) The name of the private service connection. One will be generated if not set.
- `network_interface_name` - (Optional) The name of the network interface. One will be generated if not set.
- `location` - (Optional) The Azure location where the resources will be deployed. Defaults to the location of the resource group.
- `resource_group_name` - (Optional) The resource group where the resources will be deployed. Defaults to the resource group of this resource.
- `ip_configurations` - (Optional) A map of IP configurations to create on the private endpoint. If not specified the platform will create one. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.
  - `name` - The name of the IP configuration.
  - `private_ip_address` - The private IP address of the IP configuration.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name = optional(string, null)
    role_assignments = optional(map(object({
      role_definition_id_or_name             = string
      principal_id                           = string
      description                            = optional(string, null)
      skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
      condition                              = optional(string, null)
      condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
      delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
      principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
    })), {})
    lock = optional(object({
      kind = string
      name = optional(string, null)
    }), null)
    tags                                    = optional(map(string), null)
    subnet_resource_id                      = string
    private_dns_zone_group_name             = optional(string, "default")
    private_dns_zone_resource_ids           = optional(set(string), [])
    application_security_group_associations = optional(map(string), {})
    private_service_connection_name         = optional(string, null)
    network_interface_name                  = optional(string, null)
    location                                = optional(string, null)
    resource_group_name                     = optional(string, null)
    ip_configurations = optional(map(object({
      name               = string
      private_ip_address = string
    })), {})
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_private_endpoints_manage_dns_zone_group"></a> [private\_endpoints\_manage\_dns\_zone\_group](#input\_private\_endpoints\_manage\_dns\_zone\_group)

Description: Whether to manage private DNS zone groups with this module. If set to false, you must manage private DNS zone groups externally, e.g. using Azure Policy.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_public_network_access"></a> [public\_network\_access](#input\_public\_network\_access)

Description: Controls public network access for the Redis Enterprise cluster:
- `Enabled` - Allow public network access
- `Disabled` - Deny public network access, use private endpoints only (default)

Default: "Disabled"

Type: `string`

Default: `"Disabled"`

### <a name="input_redis_modules"></a> [redis\_modules](#input\_redis\_modules)

Description: List of Redis modules to enable:
- `RediSearch` - Full-text search (requires EnterpriseCluster policy)
- `RedisJSON` - JSON data type support
- `RedisBloom` - Probabilistic data structures
- `RedisTimeSeries` - Time series data structures

**Example:**
```hcl
redis_modules = [
  {
    name = "RedisJSON"
  },
  {
    name = "RediSearch"
  }
]
```

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    name = string
    args = optional(string)
  }))
```

Default: `[]`

### <a name="input_role_assignments"></a> [role\_assignments](#input\_role\_assignments)

Description: A map of role assignments to create on this resource. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `role_definition_id_or_name` - The ID or name of the role definition to assign to the principal.
- `principal_id` - The ID of the principal to assign the role to.
- `description` - The description of the role assignment.
- `skip_service_principal_aad_check` - If set to true, skips the Azure Active Directory check for the service principal in the tenant. Defaults to false.
- `condition` - The condition which will be used to scope the role assignment.
- `condition_version` - The version of the condition syntax. Valid values are '2.0'.
- `delegated_managed_identity_resource_id` - The resource ID of the delegated managed identity to assign the role to.
- `principal_type` - The type of principal to assign the role to. Possible values are 'ServicePrincipal' and 'User'.

> Note: only set `skip_service_principal_aad_check` to true if you are assigning a role to a service principal.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    role_definition_id_or_name             = string
    principal_id                           = string
    description                            = optional(string, null)
    skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
    condition                              = optional(string, null)
    condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
    delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) Tags of the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts)

Description: Timeouts for Redis Enterprise cluster and database operations.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    create = optional(string)
    delete = optional(string)
    read   = optional(string)
    update = optional(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_zones"></a> [zones](#input\_zones)

Description: Optional set of availability zones for the Redis Enterprise cluster.

Type: `set(string)`

Default: `[]`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_database"></a> [database](#output\_database)

Description: The Redis Enterprise database resource.

### <a name="output_database_id"></a> [database\_id](#output\_database\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the Redis Enterprise database.

### <a name="output_hostname"></a> [hostname](#output\_hostname)

Description: The hostname of the Redis Enterprise cluster.

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the Redis Enterprise cluster.

### <a name="output_private_endpoints"></a> [private\_endpoints](#output\_private\_endpoints)

Description:   A map of the private endpoints created.

### <a name="output_redis_version"></a> [redis\_version](#output\_redis\_version)

Description: The Redis version of the cluster.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: The Redis Enterprise cluster resource.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the Redis Enterprise cluster.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->